---
lang: 'en'
slug: '/D8A164'
---

After a decade of waiting, [Apple](./../.././docs/pages/Apple.md) Pay has expanded to [Korea](./../.././docs/pages/%EB%8C%80%ED%95%9C%EB%AF%BC%EA%B5%AD.md). [Korea](./../.././docs/pages/%EB%8C%80%ED%95%9C%EB%AF%BC%EA%B5%AD.md) remained the only developed nation country that did not support [Apple](./../.././docs/pages/Apple.md) Pay. Why did it take so long?

## The Early Days

**Card companies**. [Korean](./../.././docs/pages/%EB%8C%80%ED%95%9C%EB%AF%BC%EA%B5%AD.md) citizens use credit cards a lot. Card companies did not need to stimulate credit card consumption; a different start. When a stable income is guaranteed, why try hard? They found no need to introduce Europay-Mastercard-VISA (EMV) NFC standards with high fees, and card companies decided not to introduce EMV, leaving only the minimum compatibility layers. They subsequently made two major decisions: to develop their own NFC standard and to focus on payments using IC chips. The first [strategy](./../.././docs/pages/Strategy.md) is JUSTOUCH (If JUSTOUCH were successfully spread at this time, it would've likely become an exceptional NFC standard in [Korea](./../.././docs/pages/%EB%8C%80%ED%95%9C%EB%AF%BC%EA%B5%AD.md), such as [Japan](./../.././docs/pages/%EC%9D%BC%EB%B3%B8.md)'s Suica. But they never succeeded.) Eventually, the new wave of payment terminals deactivated NFC by default due to low usage, and IC cards became the norm. This removed the last few reasons to bring in [Apple](./../.././docs/pages/Apple.md) Pay and EMV with their high fees.

**Consumers**. [Korean](./../.././docs/pages/%EB%8C%80%ED%95%9C%EB%AF%BC%EA%B5%AD.md) consumers also had the perception that using an iPhone meant accepting inconvenience. Due to the existence of Samsung, the service linkage with the government was always two steps slower for iPhone, and [Apple](./../.././docs/pages/Apple.md) did not pay much attention to the [Korean](./../.././docs/pages/%EB%8C%80%ED%95%9C%EB%AF%BC%EA%B5%AD.md) market when Samsung listened to the voice of the domestic market and fixed the inconvenience. [Korean](./../.././docs/pages/%EB%8C%80%ED%95%9C%EB%AF%BC%EA%B5%AD.md) [finance](./../.././docs/pages/Finance.md) market also used ancient architectures, also made things worse.

**[Apple](./../.././docs/pages/Apple.md)**. [Apple](./../.././docs/pages/Apple.md) didn't push hard, either. [Korea](./../.././docs/pages/%EB%8C%80%ED%95%9C%EB%AF%BC%EA%B5%AD.md) is a market with terrible value for money. It's less loyal to [Apple](./../.././docs/pages/Apple.md) than [Japan](./../.././docs/pages/%EC%9D%BC%EB%B3%B8.md) and is overflowing with potential buyers like China. Samsung continued to rival [Apple](./../.././docs/pages/Apple.md) while producing their silicons. LG continued to compete with the iPhone in the [Korean](./../.././docs/pages/%EB%8C%80%ED%95%9C%EB%AF%BC%EA%B5%AD.md) market. Even [Apple](./../.././docs/pages/Apple.md) [Korea](./../.././docs/pages/%EB%8C%80%ED%95%9C%EB%AF%BC%EA%B5%AD.md) had a few sales teams until 2015, not caring much about the market.

## Then

**Ted Chung and Hyundai Card**. When he took over as CEO of Hyundai Card, Hyundai Card was at the bottom of the industry. However, he invested considerably in cultural business and intensely promoted the concerts of numerous foreign stars. I wonder if it's Ted's taste, but it is clear those businesses overwhelmingly helped Hyundai Card. Hyundai Cards began to gain market share from younger generations with their stylish designs, and Hyundai Cards became the revolutionary icon among old-fashioned [Korean](./../.././docs/pages/%EB%8C%80%ED%95%9C%EB%AF%BC%EA%B5%AD.md) card companies. And Hyundai Card was looking for another **breakthrough** that would again revitalize their business among young people.

**[Apple](./../.././docs/pages/Apple.md) and Underdogs**. [Apple](./../.././docs/pages/Apple.md) always joins with the underdog when entering a new market. When it first entered the mobile phone market, [Apple](./../.././docs/pages/Apple.md) partnered with Cingular (now AT&T). Second-place companies are always more lenient and flexible to [Apple](./../.././docs/pages/Apple.md)'s requirements, and this is how [Apple](./../.././docs/pages/Apple.md) nailed the random-access voicemail part for their first iPhone. Similarly, Hyundai Card was the perfect underdog. It was gaining overwhelming support from the younger generation as a cultural business expanded, and Ted Chung himself was also a loyal customer of [Apple](./../.././docs/pages/Apple.md). They chimed in.

**Final Offer**. To push the stagnated negotiations, Hyundai made a special deal for [Apple](./../.././docs/pages/Apple.md) -- to pay a stipend of half of the entire terminal replacement costs. Thanks to the decisive deal, while Hyundai accepted most of [Apple](./../.././docs/pages/Apple.md)'s conditions, Hyundai Card acquired an exclusive one-year contract with [Apple](./../.././docs/pages/Apple.md). Hyundai, committed to bringing [Apple](./../.././docs/pages/Apple.md) Pay to the nation, later gave up this privilege after the Financial Services Commission determined this could fall under [anti](./../.././docs/pages/Anti.md)-competitive action.

With Hyundai Card, [Apple](./../.././docs/pages/Apple.md) Pay will be introduced in [Korea](./../.././docs/pages/%EB%8C%80%ED%95%9C%EB%AF%BC%EA%B5%AD.md) in March. What will this mean for [Korean](./../.././docs/pages/%EB%8C%80%ED%95%9C%EB%AF%BC%EA%B5%AD.md) customers and the [Korean](./../.././docs/pages/%EB%8C%80%ED%95%9C%EB%AF%BC%EA%B5%AD.md) market? There are a few observations, but that's for another day. I hope [Apple](./../.././docs/pages/Apple.md) Pay becomes a new stimulus for [troubled Korean banking system](./../.././docs/pages/Why%20Korean%20Banks%20Suck.md).
