---
lang: 'en'
slug: '/9CCB70'
---

Real estate differentiates wealthy people from rich people. During the [economic](./../.././docs/pages/Economy.md) boom of the 1980s, [Japanese](./../.././docs/pages/%EC%9D%BC%EB%B3%B8.md) corporations and investors had a lot of cash and sought investment opportunities outside [Japan](./../.././docs/pages/%EC%9D%BC%EB%B3%B8.md). Real estate markets in global cities such as [New York](./../.././docs/pages/New%20York%20City.md), London, and Paris were seen as attractive due to their potential for high returns and as a hedge against currency fluctuations and inflation. This foreign real estate played a significant role in [Japan](./../.././docs/pages/%EC%9D%BC%EB%B3%B8.md)'s eventual recovery from its financial crisis. In the 2000s, as the [Japanese](./../.././docs/pages/%EC%9D%BC%EB%B3%B8.md) [economy](./../.././docs/pages/Economy.md) recovered and the yen appreciated against the [US](./../.././docs/pages/United%20States%20of%20America.md) dollar, [Japanese](./../.././docs/pages/%EC%9D%BC%EB%B3%B8.md) investors reinvested in foreign real estate, particularly in the [US](./../.././docs/pages/United%20States%20of%20America.md) and Europe, for diversification and higher returns. Like this, real estates are a game changer for overcoming deflation. **But what is the new Real Estate in the modern tech space**?

[Intellectual property](./../.././docs/pages/IP.md) ([IP](./../.././docs/pages/IP.md)) is a new form of real estate because it represents a property right that can generate [economic](./../.././docs/pages/Economy.md) benefits over an extended period. Like real estate, [intellectual property](./../.././docs/pages/IP.md) can be bought, sold, licensed, and leased to generate income and returns for its owners. Here are some similarities between the two:

- **Scarcity** -- Just as only a limited amount of land is available in a particular location, a limited amount of [intellectual property](./../.././docs/pages/IP.md) is available in a given field or industry.
- **Licensability** -- Real estate and [intellectual property](./../.././docs/pages/IP.md) can be rented, leased, or licensed to generate income.
- **Appreciation over time** -- Real estate and [intellectual property](./../.././docs/pages/IP.md) can appreciate over time. For example, a well-located piece of land or a valuable patent can increase as demand for the resource increases.
- **Steady Stream of Income** -- Real estate and [intellectual property](./../.././docs/pages/IP.md) can generate a steady income stream over an extended period. For example, a landlord can collect rent from a tenant each month, while an [intellectual property](./../.././docs/pages/IP.md) owner can collect royalties from licensees or users of their [IP](./../.././docs/pages/IP.md).
- **Requires Maintenance** -- Real estate and [intellectual property](./../.././docs/pages/IP.md) require care and maintenance to preserve value. A landlord must maintain their property to keep it in good condition, while an [intellectual property](./../.././docs/pages/IP.md) owner must keep their [IP](./../.././docs/pages/IP.md) up to date and enforce their rights to prevent infringement.

[Japan](./../.././docs/pages/%EC%9D%BC%EB%B3%B8.md) has also benefited from this [IP](./../.././docs/pages/IP.md) amid a stagnant [economy](./../.././docs/pages/Economy.md) ("the lost decades"). [Japan](./../.././docs/pages/%EC%9D%BC%EB%B3%B8.md) has a rich history of creating popular and influential intellectual properties (IPs) that have significantly impacted global mass media. Some examples of popular IPs from [Japan](./../.././docs/pages/%EC%9D%BC%EB%B3%B8.md) include Pokemon, Anpanman, Yu-Gi-Oh!, Mario, Gundam, Hello Kitty, Dragon Ball, etc. These IPs have helped to keep [Japan](./../.././docs/pages/%EC%9D%BC%EB%B3%B8.md) competitive in the global mass media industry by establishing a solid reputation for creativity and innovation and generating outstanding revenue streams.

This edge is why [Naver](./../.././docs/pages/Naver.md) and [Kakao](./../.././docs/pages/Kakao.md), two [Korean](./../.././docs/pages/%EB%8C%80%ED%95%9C%EB%AF%BC%EA%B5%AD.md) Google, are so paranoid about purchasing IPs. For example, [Naver](./../.././docs/pages/Naver.md) acquired Wattpad, and [Kakao](./../.././docs/pages/Kakao.md) acquired Tapas and Radish media. All of them service Web Cartoons (Webtoons) in the [US](./../.././docs/pages/United%20States%20of%20America.md). From an Asian point of view, while Hollywood remains an unbeatable champion in global mass media outlets, the western market still did not experience the "Webtoon Culture Strike," which I think is an unstoppable future and out of imagination from none of the silicon valley founders (because they never saw the impact of it.) For example, over half of the globally popular [Korean](./../.././docs/pages/%EB%8C%80%ED%95%9C%EB%AF%BC%EA%B5%AD.md)-based TV shows are webtoon-based. Long story short, Webtoon has a decisive edge because:

- Webtoons can be produced by a single person, lowering the opportunity cost compared to a full-on production studio.
- Competing in the OTT market is too expensive (both in customer money and time.)
- Webtoons generally profit from advertising & collab & [IP](./../.././docs/pages/IP.md) revenue, not customer payment.
- Modern people have a lower attention span to read texts or watch extended TV shows.
- Webtoon creates habit.

For example, for free, I can watch 20 episodes of different Webtoons in 10 minutes on [Naver](./../.././docs/pages/Naver.md) Webtoon and [Kakao](./../.././docs/pages/Kakao.md) Webtoon. Remember when Quibi failed? ... but that's a story for another day.
