---
lang: 'en'
slug: '/35B23B'
---

[OpenAI](./../.././docs/pages/OpenAI.md) has launched its [ChatGPT](./../.././docs/pages/ChatGPT.md) [API](./../.././docs/pages/API.md) service, powered by the GPT-3.5-turbo [AI](./../.././docs/pages/AI.md) model. The model is available for $0.002 per 1,000 tokens and can be used for non-chat applications. Early adopters of the [ChatGPT](./../.././docs/pages/ChatGPT.md) [API](./../.././docs/pages/API.md) include Shopify, Instacart, Quizlet, and Snap. This is another cornerstone moment for software. **The [AI-native](./../.././docs/pages/AI-native.md)-era gold rush has just begun**.

Levi's was always the actual winner of the gold rush, making a fortune by supplying miners with the tools they needed to extract gold while never involving in the actual competition. They were the arms dealer in this silent war. [AWS](./../.././docs/pages/AWS.md) was the latest Levi's of the tech industry, after the comms companies like AT&T. Just as the gold rush created a massive demand for supplies like jeans and hammers, the digital transformation has made an enormous demand for [cloud computing](./../.././docs/pages/Cloud%20Computing.md) services like [AWS](./../.././docs/pages/AWS.md). [OpenAI](./../.././docs/pages/OpenAI.md) just officialized that they will be the next Levi's.

## The rise of [AI-natives](./../.././docs/pages/AI-native.md)

It is also worth observing how the previous Levi's, [AWS](./../.././docs/pages/AWS.md), reformed the tech environment; the advent of [cloud computing](./../.././docs/pages/Cloud%20Computing.md) has transformed how we approach software engineering. Some tectonic shifts:

- **Fewer expensive [On-Premise](./../.././docs/pages/On-Premise.md) Engineers** -- Gone are the days we needed [on-premise](./../.././docs/pages/On-Premise.md) system engineers configuring servers and managing infrastructure. We deploy applications without worrying about managing the underlying hardware.
- **Shift from Pets to Cattle** -- In the early days of computing, companies treated their servers like pets - they gave each one a unique name and invested time and resources individually. But as the number of servers and resources grew, companies began treating their servers and resources like cattle - they invested in [automation](./../.././docs/pages/Automation.md) tools that allowed them to manage large numbers of resources. This shift enabled companies to scale up their infrastructure rapidly without sacrificing reliability or performance.
- **Rise of [MSA](./../.././docs/pages/Microservices%20Architecture.md) and [Serverless](./../.././docs/pages/Serverless.md)** -- [AWS](./../.././docs/pages/AWS.md) made it easy to spin up and manage small, independent services, leading to the emergence of [microservices architecture](./../.././docs/pages/Microservices%20Architecture.md). This architecture enables developers to build complex applications using small, modular services, improving reliability and performance. Even further, [AWS](./../.././docs/pages/AWS.md) Lambda, introduced in 2014, enabled developers to build and run applications without managing servers.

So what will happen now with [AI-natives](./../.././docs/pages/AI-native.md)?

- **Fewer expensive Data Engineers & [ML](./../.././docs/pages/ML.md) Engineers** -- The rise of [AI-native](./../.././docs/pages/AI-native.md) platforms makes it easier for non-experts to build and deploy [AI](./../.././docs/pages/AI.md) models and reduces the need for dedicated [AI](./../.././docs/pages/AI.md) engineers in many cases.
- **Shift from building models from scratch to using pre-built models** -- Just as [AWS](./../.././docs/pages/AWS.md) provides pre-built infrastructure components, [AI-native](./../.././docs/pages/AI-native.md) platforms provide pre-built [machine learning](./../.././docs/pages/ML.md) models that can be customized and trained using your data.
- **Rise of [automation](./../.././docs/pages/Automation.md) tools for building and deploying [AI](./../.././docs/pages/AI.md) models** -- Just as [automation](./../.././docs/pages/Automation.md) tools have enabled companies to manage large numbers of servers and resources in the cloud, [AI-native](./../.././docs/pages/AI-native.md) platforms are allowing companies to [automate](./../.././docs/pages/Automation.md) the building process and deploy [AI](./../.././docs/pages/AI.md) models.
- **Shift from monolithic [AI](./../.././docs/pages/AI.md) applications to [microservices](./../.././docs/pages/Microservices%20Architecture.md)-based [AI](./../.././docs/pages/AI.md) architectures** -- As [microservices architecture](./../.././docs/pages/Microservices%20Architecture.md) has enabled companies to build complex applications using small, modular services, [microservices](./../.././docs/pages/Microservices%20Architecture.md)-based [AI](./../.././docs/pages/AI.md) architectures are allowing the companies to build complex [AI](./../.././docs/pages/AI.md) applications using small, modular [AI](./../.././docs/pages/AI.md) models.
- **Democratization of [AI](./../.././docs/pages/AI.md) development and deployment** -- As [AWS](./../.././docs/pages/AWS.md) democratized [cloud computing](./../.././docs/pages/Cloud%20Computing.md), [AI-native](./../.././docs/pages/AI-native.md) platforms democratize [AI](./../.././docs/pages/AI.md) development and deployment.

One outstanding question remains: [will OpenAI become another dumb pipe](https://matt-rickard.com/aws-is-not-a-dumb-pipe)?
