---
lang: 'en'
slug: '/E0D970'
---

[[르네상스]]

The Renaissance was a period of European history that began in Italy in the 14th century and lasted until the 17th century. It is often considered a time of great cultural and intellectual rebirth as artists, scholars, and thinkers began to rediscover the classical traditions of ancient Greece and Rome. In addition, during the Renaissance, there was a renewed interest in humanism, which emphasized the value and agency of human beings, and a shift towards individualism and secularism. As a result, art, literature, and science flourished during this time. Artists like Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo created some of their most famous works, and writers such as Shakespeare and Cervantes produced enduring masterpieces. **But how did the renaissance start**?

**Rediscovery of Classical Text**s — Classical texts were lost in Europe during the Middle Ages. During the 14th and 15th centuries, scholars began to rediscover ancient Greek and Roman literature and philosophy, which sparked a renewed interest in the ideas and values of the classical world. This rediscovery of classical texts was closely linked to the rise of humanism, a movement that emphasized the importance and agency of human beings. Humanists believed that individuals had the power to shape their destinies and that intellectual and artistic pursuits were just as important as religious or political ones.

**[[Economy|Economic]] and Political Developments** — The humanist movement was also fueled by [[Economy|economic]] and political developments in Italy, where powerful city-states such as Florence, Venice, and Rome were experiencing a period of growth and prosperity. As a result, wealthy patrons began to commission works of art and literature, and these artists and writers became increasingly independent from the church and the aristocracy.

But here is my favorite part. Surprisingly, the Renaissance was not born out of a period of peace and prosperity. Instead, it emerged after great suffering and upheaval periods, including the Black Death and political instability. Perfectly [[antifragile]].

**Overcoming Hardships and Having Self-confidence** — The bubonic plague that swept through Europe during the Middle Ages and killed an estimated 25 million people is commonly called the "Black Death". The Black Death had a profound impact on European society, causing widespread fear and panic, as well as [[Economy|economic]] and social upheaval. While the bubonic plague was a devastating and tragic event in human history, it conversely contributed to the development of certain aspects of humanist thought during the Renaissance. One of the critical ideas of humanism is the belief in the power and agency of human beings, and this belief was put to the test during outbreaks of the bubonic plague. While the disease was deadly and caused widespread suffering and death, humanists saw examples of individuals and communities who could overcome the disease and help others. Humanists also emphasized the importance of reason and scientific inquiry, which are crucial in understanding and combating the plague.

Whenever I studied European history, I felt that this historical event was sending me a message: [[Spiritual Development]] always comes in the face of challenges and adversity. Living day to day is difficult. As I navigate the challenges and uncertainties of daily life, I think of the artists of Florence and the Renaissance. Let's embrace humanistic ideals like the value and agency of the human being and the importance of reason and scientific inquiry.
Most importantly, let us firmly believe in ourselves and be confident that we can be **brilliant**. It is that firm belief that has led to some of the most beautiful times in history. When faced with adversity, be strong and creative. After all, the most beautiful futures bloom from the pain of the present.
