---
date: '2022-06-05'
lang: 'en'
slug: '/2022-06-05'
---

## Interesting Websites

- _Concise Full Stack Courses for Busy Web Developers_ - [Build the portfolio you need to be a badass web developer. | egghead.io](https://egghead.io/)
- _I am not a taxonomist. Categorizing content is not my thing. Blogging platforms by default expect you to apply some kind of taxonomy to the bit of content you are writing. Is it a "page", "blog", "node", "custom node", "custom post type". It layers on top of that the option to tag it and if you don't that's fine. It asks you to assign it to a category and if you don't that is not fine. It lands in "Uncategorized" displaying to the world that you don't care deeply enough about your content. Absolute "blue shirt" 👕._ - [Foam as My Content Engine | RheinardKorf.com](https://rheinardkorf.com/foam-as-my-content-engine/)
- _I need something ridiculously easy to publish with. I hate friction. I strongly dislike slow DB queries and slow web-based admin interfaces. I need to be able to drop my content into something like "Pandoc", "Marked", "Rehype" and see a collection of interconnected thoughts. I should be able to publish it with most of the many static site generators out there without feeling lock-in._ - [Foam as My Content Engine | RheinardKorf.com](https://rheinardkorf.com/foam-as-my-content-engine/)
- _Convert [[ACSM (File Format)]] files to [[PDF (File Format)]]/EPUBs with one command on Linux \(and macOS very soon\). This software does not utilize Adobe Digital Editions nor Wine. It is completely free and open-source software written natively for Linux._ - [BentonEdmondson/knock: Convert [[ACSM (File Format)]] files to PDFs/EPUBs with one command on Linux](https://github.com/BentonEdmondson/knock)
