---
date: '2022-09-25'
slug: '/2022-09-25'
---

# 2022-09-25

## Academic Research

- [[Inspecting Assembly]]

## [[Coding Tests]]

- [[235 Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Search Tree]]
- [[110 Balanced Binary Tree]]
- [[1290 Convert Binary Number in a Linked List to Integer]]

## Personal Research

- [[Extracranials]]

### [Hippocampus - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hippocampus)

- The hippocampus (via Latin from [Greek](/wiki/Ancient_Greek 'Ancient Greek') ἱππόκαμπος, '[seahorse](/wiki/Seahorse 'Seahorse')') is a major component of the [brain](/wiki/Brain 'Brain') of [humans](/wiki/Human 'Human') and other [vertebrates](/wiki/Vertebrate 'Vertebrate')

### [Hard to Compute, Simple to Verify](https://matt-rickard.ghost.io/hard-to-compute-simple-to-verify/)

- But relaxing the definition of "hard to compute, simple to verify" lets us make some interesting analogies across different emerging technologies.
- There's public-key cryptography, which relies on things hard to compute, easy to verify problems like factorization of large integers, or [elliptic curve cryptography](https://matt-rickard.com/elliptic-curve-cryptography)
- There are also [zero-knowledge proofs](https://matt-rickard.com/zero-knowledge-proofs), which let counterparties prove that they know ng without revealing the actual secret
- Before LLMs, generating the associated image took time if you were given a prompt. A talented artist could take a few hours (minutes, days, etc.) to create a polished piece. Once created, it would be easy to verify if it fits the criteria – is this an image of a horse wearing sunglasses?
- There are no problems that are easy to compute yet hard to verify. If such a problem existed, you could just re-run the computation again.

One such thing of **easy to compute yet hard to verify** can be tracking the time-based hash seed, but this is only true depending on the definition of **confirming.** If verifying means giving input and comparing the output, yes, then it is easy. It will be hard if verifying includes _finding_ the information **and** comparing the production. But then again, it also falls into another _hard-to-compute_ problem.
