---
title: '2022-07-14'
date: '2022-07-14'
slug: '/2022-07-14'
---

## Today's [[Pragmatic Engineer]]

**Cost Centers**.
Not the direct source of revenue but a necessary component.
Found in banks, clothing companies, etc.
Techs are referred to as _IT_, and no PMs exist.
Usually, business analysts do the job. Engineers are referred to as _programmers_ or _developers_.
Engineers report to non-technical managers.
Business decisions do not have tech involvement.
The organization hires separate on-call DevOps engineers.
Developers usually don’t get equity.
Innovation is not expected from tech, but if it is, it is usually cost-cutting technologies.

**Profit Centers**.
Direct source of revenue.
Found in digital-first companies, Big Techs, or when CEO has a tech background.
R&D has a separate budget.
Engineers report CEO or CTO directly.
Some non-tech groups feel that tech gets _special treatment_.

**Gray areas and More**. There are also gray areas like strategic investments, net-loss research teams, platform teams, R&D labs, site reliability engineering, open-source teams, security teams, and more. One wrong info that I found: Uber didn't make Kubernetes. Google did.

## Personal

### The _Overpriced_ Initiative?

To attain [[FIRE]], we have previously explored that [[SaaS]] would be one way to go.
However, good _engineering_ and a good _product_ are very different.
One major roadblock would be the lack of expertise in payment infra
What if we start from a _simple_ yet _overpriced_ [[SaaS]] product to test how to get monetized?
The purpose is not to generate revenue by itself but to examine and get enough data out on how the real-world [[SaaS]] [[FIRE]] will work out.

**Examples**.
A book recommendation web app but _you need to pay to use it_.
[[Metadata as a Service]] could also be one example.
