---
date: '2022-06-26'
lang: 'en'
slug: '/2022-06-26'
---

## [[Brane]] Notes

- Currently facing a slight bottleneck.
- Let's not explore [[ShadowRealm]] and `iframe` [[Sandbox]] for now.
  - Therefore, postponing the multitasking demo for now.
- API [[Shim|Shimming]] will be hard enough. [Shim (computing)](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shim_(computing)>)

### This week's goal

- Explore [[SharedArrayBuffer]], Atomic, and [[WorkerDOM]]'s Binary [[DOM]] manipulation.
  - [[WorkerDOM]]'s Binary [[DOM]] control is not [[SharedArrayBuffer|SAB]]-based.
- [[WorkerDOM]] cannot handle synchronous data exchange.
- Solving this is our key priority right now.

### Therefore,

- **Objective**. Swap [[WorkerDOM]]'s data transfer layer with [[SharedArrayBuffer]] + [[Shim]] Core [[DOM]] APIs.
- **Key Results**. Let's try modifying [[DOM]] actions on the host side.

### Note that:

- This may require a server to swap out [[DOM]] actions.
  - For example, perform `console.log` when a button is clicked.
  - Instead of appending the code, change the _behavior_ of the [[DOM]].
- ShadowDOM is already available on [[WorkerDOM]].
- Forced Shutdown and Preloading are all multitasking features.
- Investigate how [[WorkerDOM]] terminates an application. This is a Web Spec.
- Especially, try implementing synchronous Layout properties—for example, [[Framer Motion]].
  - To push the limits, we can try [[Kakao]] [[Cartography|Map]] SDK (or any [[Cartography|Map]] SDK like Open Layer)
  - This will essentially verify three facts:
    1. Can we synchronously pass **Layout** properties?
    2. Can we properly extract and process **external scripts**?
    3. Can we **[[shim]]** geolocation APIs?

## Personal Notes

- [[PARA]]
- [[Extracranial]].
  - Found an interesting article [Zettelkasten, Roam, Obsidian, RemNote, Notion, and Cong does not work as expected](https://agenda.community/t/zettelkasten-roam-obsidian-remnote-notion-and-cong-does-not-work-as-expected/71102) by [Olaf Wolkenhauer](https://agenda.community/u/olaf.wolkenhauer)
  - While it provides an excellent birds-eye view of the Digital Zettlekasten ecosystem, it does not offer any further insights on how to improve Digital Zettlekasten.
- In the same vein, I am reading [[Building a Second Brain]] these days.
- Would love to dissect [[Andy Matuschak]]'s work...
- [You Are Not Google.](https://blog.bradfieldcs.com/you-are-not-google-84912cf44afb)
  - In essence — Try not to overcomplicate.
- Got [[Tailscale]] recommended from work. Quote, **Best VPN for developers.**
