---
date: '2023-01-25'
lang: 'en'
slug: '/2023-01-25'
---

## [[Project]]

- [[Embeddable GitHub Repo Card But It Looks Great]]

## [[Building Habit]]

- [ ] [[2023년 1월과 2월에 하루 25분 조깅하기]]

## Research

## Preprocessors

Preprocessors are the directives to tell the compiler before turning them into codes.

`#include "file.h"` essentially copy-pastes that file to here. That is why we separate the codes into files. We don't want extra copies of a function.

`#ifdef _DEBUG` and `#endif` also exclude that block when compiling the production version.

`#define CONSTANT` also copy-pastes.

Rule of thumb — only `#include` the headers you necessarily need.
Or, if you make an `everything.h`, precompile it!

## Conditional Compilation

in graphics, can be used for multiplatform engine

```cpp
#if (PLATFORM == SWITCH)
	return ...
#elif (PLATFORM == XBOX)
	return ...
#endif
```

## compile

Compiling generates object codes, except it does not have addresses.

## Forward Declaration

- Reduce the number of cpp files that get recompiled when you touch an header file.
- This happens by moving the `#include` out of the header file to source file.
- The cpp file still gets recompiled when you touch the header file, but the circular dependency is broken.


soft & hard clustering
embedding (similarity analysis)

This is a collaborative text editor, use it to communicate with your peer in real-time.

What's useful to share? Stuff like:

- Back-of-the-envelope calculations
- Sample data sets and data flows
- Assumptions about the product/domain/problem
- Pseudo code (or you can switch to an actual coding language)
- Links to files and other resources
- Online profiles

flow was good.

- business objective. engagement.
- model and business.
- 