---
date: '2022-06-05'
lang: 'en'
slug: '/2022-06-05'
---

## Interesting Websites

- Concise Full Stack Courses for Busy Web Developers - [Build the portfolio you need to be a badass web developer.](https://egghead.io/)
- I am not a taxonomist. Categorizing content is not my thing. Blogging platforms, by default, expect you to apply some taxonomy to the bit of content you are writing. Is it a "page", "blog", "node", "custom node", or "custom post type"? It overlooks the option to tag it, and if you don't, that's fine. It asks you to assign it to a category; if you don't, that is not fine. It lands in "Uncategorized," displaying that you don't care deeply enough about your content. Absolute "blue shirt" 👕. - [Foam as My Content Engine | RheinardKorf.com](https://rheinardkorf.com/foam-as-my-content-engine/)
- I need something straightforward to publish. I wouldn't say I like friction. I strongly dislike slow DB queries and slow web-based admin interfaces. I need to be able to drop my content into something like "Pandoc", "Marked", or "Rehype" and see a collection of interconnected thoughts. I should publish it with most static site generators without feeling lock-in. - [Foam as My Content Engine | RheinardKorf.com](https://rheinardkorf.com/foam-as-my-content-engine/)
- Convert [ACSM](./../.././docs/pages/ACSM.md) files to [PDF](./../.././docs/pages/PDF.md)/EPUBs with one command on [Linux](./../.././docs/pages/Linux.md) \(and macOS very soon\). This software does not utilize Adobe Digital Editions nor Wine. It is completely free and open-source software written natively for Linux. - [BentonEdmondson/knock: Convert [ACSM](./../.././docs/pages/ACSM.md) files to PDFs/EPUBs with one command on Linux](https://github.com/BentonEdmondson/knock)

<head>
  <html lang="en-US"/>
</head>
