---
title: '2022-07-07'
date: '2022-07-07'
slug: '/2022-07-07'
---

## Interesting Webs

### [Heyday - AI-powered Research Assistant](https://heyday.xyz/)
- Seems like an automatic bookmarking, indexing app.
- Search engine, but from your browsing history.

### [Typed - Your Second Brain](https://typed.do/features)
- I honestly can't understand what market they're after.
- Looks like some all-in-one Notion + Google Docs + Gmail + Task manager app.

## Personal Notes on [Tools for Thought](../Interests/Tools%20for%20Thought.md) SaaS

From the above two tools, I see a repeated paradigm in the [Tools for Thought](../Interests/Tools%20for%20Thought.md) SaaS market.
They are **damn complicating** to use.
To pull out the most from these tools, you must first grow some skillfulness in these tools and aggregate enough information over a threshold.
For team tools, you must ensure this for every member.

It's like when you prepare for an exam, but instead, you try to make a perfect note instead of actually *studying*. 시험 공부보다 예쁜 노트 만드는데 더 집중하는 느낌.

For a productivity tool to be successful, you must *flow* at one point.
Tools and infra fade out.
You only focus on the content.
However, all of the tools on the market, especially some effort to reintroduce the Zettlekasten thing on the web, are just too overcomplicating.
Again, things should be *simple* so that you can immediately pick up and draw something in your mind.
There should be minimum friction.
I think even Notion is too complicated for personal task managing.

I believe that [Roam](https://roamresearch.com/) and [Logseq](https://logseq.com/) are at the culminating position of this simplicity.

They only have...
- Journal. You write daily notes.
- From there on, highlight keywords by adding double brackets.
- Regularly explore the double bracketed keywords. Write more details.
- Voila! You realize that things are interrelated in a way you never imagined.

Always remember...

> Out of intense complexities, intense simplicities emerge. — Winston S. Churchill