---
date: '2022-06-26'
lang: 'en'
slug: '/2022-06-26'
---

## [Brane](./../.././docs/pages/Brane.md) Notes

- Currently facing a slight bottleneck.
- Let's not explore [ShadowRealm](./../.././docs/pages/ShadowRealm.md) and `iframe` [Sandbox](./../.././docs/pages/Sandbox.md) for now.
  - Therefore, postponing the multitasking demo for now.
- API Shimming will be hard enough. [Shim \(computing\) - Wikipedia](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shim_(computing)>)

### This week's goal

- Explore [SharedArrayBuffer](./../.././docs/pages/SharedArrayBuffer.md), Atomic, and [WorkerDOM](./../.././docs/pages/WorkerDOM.md)'s Binary [DOM](./../.././docs/pages/DOM.md) manipulation.
  - [WorkerDOM](./../.././docs/pages/WorkerDOM.md)'s Binary [DOM](./../.././docs/pages/DOM.md) control is not [SAB](./../.././docs/pages/SharedArrayBuffer.md)-based.
- [WorkerDOM](./../.././docs/pages/WorkerDOM.md) cannot handle synchronous data exchange.
- Solving this is our key priority right now.

### Therefore,

- **Objective**: Swap [WorkerDOM](./../.././docs/pages/WorkerDOM.md)'s data transfer layer with [SharedArrayBuffer](./../.././docs/pages/SharedArrayBuffer.md) + Shim Core [DOM](./../.././docs/pages/DOM.md) APIs.
- **Key Results**: Let's try modifying [DOM](./../.././docs/pages/DOM.md) actions on the host side.

### Note that:

- This may require a server to swap out [DOM](./../.././docs/pages/DOM.md) actions.
  - For example, perform `console.log` when a button is clicked.
  - Instead of appending the code, change the _behavior_ of the [DOM](./../.././docs/pages/DOM.md).
- ShadowDOM is already available on [WorkerDOM](./../.././docs/pages/WorkerDOM.md).
- Forced Shutdown and Preloading are all multitasking features.
- Investigate how [WorkerDOM](./../.././docs/pages/WorkerDOM.md) terminates an application. This is a Web Spec.
- Especially, try implementing synchronous Layout properties—for example, [Framer Motion](./../.././docs/pages/Framer%20Motion.md).
  - To push the limits, we can try [Kakao](./../.././docs/pages/Kakao.md) Map SDK (or any Map SDK like Open Layer)
  - This will essentially verify three facts:
    1. Can we synchronously pass **Layout** properties?
    2. Can we properly extract and process **external scripts**?
    3. Can we **shim** geolocation APIs?

## Personal Notes

- [PARA](./../.././docs/pages/PARA.md)
- [Extracranial](./../.././docs/pages/Extracranial.md).
  - Found an interesting article [Zettelkasten, Roam, Obsidian, RemNote, Notion, and Cong does not work as expected](https://agenda.community/t/zettelkasten-roam-obsidian-remnote-notion-and-cong-does-not-work-as-expected/71102) by [Olaf Wolkenhauer](https://agenda.community/u/olaf.wolkenhauer)
  - While it provides an excellent birds-eye view of the Digital Zettlekasten ecosystem, it does not offer any further insights on how to improve Digital Zettlekasten.
- In the same vein, I am reading [Building a Second Brain](https://www.buildingasecondbrain.com/book) these days.
- Would love to dissect [Andy Matuschak](./../.././docs/pages/Andy%20Matuschak.md)'s work...
- [You Are Not Google.](https://blog.bradfieldcs.com/you-are-not-google-84912cf44afb)
  - In essence — Try not to overcomplicate.
- Got [Tailscale](./../.././docs/pages/Tailscale.md) recommended from work. Quote, "Best VPN for developers."

<head>
  <html lang="en-US"/>
</head>
