---
date: '2022-06-22'
lang: 'en'
slug: '/2022-06-22'
---

## [Brane](./../.././docs/pages/Brane.md) [Project](./../.././docs/pages/Project.md) Demo Spec

[Google](./../.././docs/pages/Google.md)'s [WorkerDOM](./../.././docs/pages/WorkerDOM.md) has no event algorithm.
It partially has some implementations, such as `addEventListener.`
The event algorithm goes much more profound than that.

Then, [Brane](./../.././docs/pages/Brane.md) should cover very partial [JavaScript](./../.././docs/pages/JavaScript.md) APIs.
The question goes: how do we know what will be the core and what will be plugins?

Note that the division between core and plugin should be the importance of each feature, not size.

Currently thinking:

- For the format, it could be anything.
- Use [Sandbox](./../.././docs/pages/Sandbox.md) for the outer side.
- Use a variant of [WorkerDOM](./../.././docs/pages/WorkerDOM.md) inside.
  - [WorkerDOM](./../.././docs/pages/WorkerDOM.md) will be an _arbiter_ between the [Web Worker](./../.././docs/pages/Web%20Worker.md) thread and the iframe.
  - [WorkerDOM](./../.././docs/pages/WorkerDOM.md) will harness [SharedArrayBuffer](./../.././docs/pages/SharedArrayBuffer.md).
  - the question revolves: what [DOM](./../.././docs/pages/DOM.md) API should [WorkerDOM](./../.././docs/pages/WorkerDOM.md) support?
  - We don't know for sure now, but at least the History & Location APIs.

Since [Brane](./../.././docs/pages/Brane.md) implements an _arbiter_, which spans more than just a [DOM](./../.././docs/pages/DOM.md)...
We should be able to decline whatever is not allowed.

### Terminology:

- **Host**: The main thread app
- **Guest**: Untrusted, third-party app that should be containerized.

### Primary goals in Demo

- Non-blocking (Guests' operation cannot affect the normal execution of the Host.)
- Isolated (Guests can never unauthorizedly affect the Host)
- Submissive (the Host can forcefully shut down guests)

Preferably, [WorkerDOM](./../.././docs/pages/WorkerDOM.md) and [Web Worker](./../.././docs/pages/Web%20Worker.md) API will already have a _non-blocking operation_ feature.
Needs confirmation.

We should start from _isolation_.
Then, the next step is to investigate how deep isolation iframe [Sandbox](./../.././docs/pages/Sandbox.md) provides.

## Today's [Hacker News](./../.././docs/pages/Hacker%20News.md)

[Deno raises $21M](https://deno.com/blog/series-a)

- _An Isolate Cloud is. Similarly, a compute abstraction uses only the application code and the most minimal package possible._

Deno envisions a [Vercel](./../.././docs/pages/Vercel.md)-like experience for the backend (FaaS.)

<head>
  <html lang="en-US"/>
</head>
