---
date: '2022-06-12'
lang: 'en'
slug: '/2022-06-12'
---

## Work Notes

- [Hydration (web development) - Wikipedia](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hydration_(web_development)>)
  - In web development, hydration or rehydration is a technique in which client-side [JavaScript](./../.././docs/pages/JavaScript.md) converts a static [HTML](./../.././docs/pages/HTML.md) web page, delivered either through static hosting or server-side rendering, into a dynamic web page by attaching event handlers to the [HTML](./../.././docs/pages/HTML.md) elements. Because the [HTML](./../.././docs/pages/HTML.md) is pre-rendered on a server, this allows for a fast "first contentful paint" (when useful data is first displayed to the user). Still, there is a period afterward where the page appears fully loaded and interactive. Still, it is not until the client-side [JavaScript](./../.././docs/pages/JavaScript.md) is executed and event handlers have been attached.
- [Web IDL Standard](https://webidl.spec.whatwg.org/)
  - This standard defines an interface definition language, Web IDL, that can be used to describe interfaces intended to be implemented in [web browsers](./../.././docs/pages/Web%20Browser.md). Web IDL is an IDL variant with several features that allow the behavior of common script objects in the web platform to be specified more readily. How interfaces described with Web IDL correspond to constructs within ECMAScript execution environments is also detailed here.

## Interesting Websites

- [水適穿石](./../.././docs/pages/%E6%B0%B4%E9%81%A9%E7%A9%BF%E7%9F%B3.md)

## Personal Notes

- Current [PKM](./../.././docs/pages/PKM.md) software tries to make [Wikipedia](./../.././docs/pages/Wikipedia.md)-like graphs, where there the "term" plays a crucial role in graphing. I want to make Britannica style [PKM](./../.././docs/pages/PKM.md), where an organized post conveys the knowledge.

<head>
  <html lang="en-US"/>
</head>
